Regarding the version 2, the new version 2 of the landing page, so the continuum mark, I see why you got it there. I'm still iffy about the continuum mark, so right now you can take it out. I saw you removed the intelligence, execution, creativity, experience, ministry, humanity from the right-hand side. That didn't bother me. I'm OK with that. I'm actually OK with that. What I'm thinking is, what are some ways we can get, I see a lot of language all over this page that actually isn't the form language. I gave you the operational architecture, so you know our language, the future needs form, vision needs structure. How can I see a little bit more of this stuff on here? And then restraint is a big part of this brand. You can't see, you can't watch videos, so you don't see that I had the neural system on the landing page actually moving and breathing the entire time. It was not moving fast, it was slow movement, but it just felt like life itself. This whole brand is really, really cinematic, and like I said, that's something that has to translate into every page, every fiber of it. But the professionalism has to translate as well. This brand is creative, it's professional, but it's also deeply intelligent. And we're not trying to do anything cheesy. We will press some boundaries. When people see this, they should be not only enamored by the beauty, but blown away by the skill level. And so that's what I'm trying to create. It's different. I know it's different and I'm okay with it being different. But that's what we're working through. And that's what we need to help them land. At this point, we need to get a few more of these pages up. So we need to get the about page up. The about page should talk about who form is more than just from a philosophical point of view. When we're talking about all the copy that's on the page, all of this copy should be user copy. Excuse me, this is customer copy, meaning it has to translate into being something tangible that they understand. So when they're talking about ministry systems, they understand I'm talking about growth track and assimilation systems and small groups. And we're talking about creative systems. I'm talking about creative design, video editing, things like that, creative partnerships to where we work through a lot of that stuff. You know, when I'm talking about AI or intelligence systems, I'm talking about AI integration, AI workflows for not only their businesses, but their life. You know, just like expand on all of this. This is what I know. You know what I mean? This is all the stuff I know. Executive operations. This is executive leadership. This is operations. This is leadership development. This is governance, church governance, particularly, church structure, church audits. Consulting, fractional, fractional leadership, you know, so that's what I'm saying, like, we got to, the about page has to translate to, they see all this philosophical language, that's cool, but the page, the website can't be philosophical. That's for us. That's so we know who we are. The website in general has to speak to the consumer, and that's what we need to start crafting. So that's what that about page, it needs to come to life. Also, I was saying, these, I'm giving you a lot of great pictures. I want you to find ways to integrate them into the page. That's what's gonna make your UI and everything come to life so it don't look digital, just digital. You know, you find a way to blend that stuff and you can't really tell what's a picture and what's not, that's the stuff that's gonna bring this thing to life, and that's what I'm really looking for. There's some specific pictures I have that I want in certain areas, I'll tell you that, but man, like, that's what I'm looking for in this thing.