All right, so after reviewing, let's remove the footer from the landing page. Leave the navigation system. The navigation system is beautiful. All right, love it. We need to go back to everything that we had on the cursor, though, because when I'm going and hovering over certain things, the cursor is disappearing. I can't tell where the hell I'm at. I can't select nothing. Also, when we go to, what page is this? All right, when we go to Ecosystems, why is there such a huge amount of space at the top? All the cards are smaller and the information is being cut off. And then the footer, why is it so big? Can you actually, like, yeah, the footer needs to be a little smaller. Like, you gotta make it smaller. I have no idea why the hell it's so big. It's massive. It's huge. So, and that needs to be fixed across every page. All right. Again, the header, not the header, but the navigation system is beautiful. Okay, beautiful. Also, the form that's inside of the footer, can you take that off and put my actual brand? Like, put the actual asset. It's different than the asset. The form logo, specifically, is what I'm referring to. And then you can leave the vision needs form, the future needs form, vision needs structure. You can leave that, just put the actual logo. It's incorrect. And like I said, the entire footer can be smaller. Inside of the footer, the about, founder, ecosystem, products, connect, future. These are headings. They need to be just a little bit bigger. Not much bigger, but again, typography, so we can actually see what's what. The Instagram, LinkedIn, and email, you can also, yeah, that's it for right now. Those buttons, those icons can be just a little bit bigger as well. Let me see. Remember, we talked about a lot of transition stuff, how pages transition from page to page. All right, that was a big deal for me. That was a really, really big deal for me. I feel like we lost a little bit of that. So, right now, I'm looking at the Founders page. The Founder page looks a heck of a lot better. Man. Yeah, this thing is... Even with my picture. Not that, I do think my, I think the coloring on my picture is a little cold. If you could warm it up. Not, I mean, and I'm talking about naturally warm. I don't want it to be fake. Also, some of the editorial, remember the editorial fonts with Canela, that's a part of our branding. So on this page, I wouldn't hate, it wouldn't bother me to see, honestly, I would really prefer if my name was not stacked. I would prefer if it wasn't stacked and I would prefer if the systems architect, creative leader, and operational futurist. was under it as it was not stacked, maybe, and then the paragraph underneath it, you know, space that out as well. And the system, the titles that you listed right there, those could be in the Canelo editorial font. I wouldn't mind that at all. The only thing I'm thinking I don't know, I may work through some of the copy here. I want this to humanize me a little more. I still think all the fonts on this page are too small. Like, it's in the headers, the sub-headers. It's not really good on this page. It's up. And I told you when I highlighted, when I hovered over my page, just on the left-hand side underneath vision, strategy, systems, execution, I wanted it to kind of highlight a little bit. I wanted it to happen on every picture, actually. Well, more so the picture at the bottom and the picture on the side. And then the picture on up top, it can stay there as it is. Uh, but you just gotta warm it up and bring a little bit more life to it. It's a little cold. And I do, I think the header, the fonts on the header as a whole are probably a little small, so those probably can, I think, number one, I think you can put a little bit of more, a little bit of space in between them. So I think the spacing could increase a little bit more. And I'm more so talking about home, about, founder, ecosystem, products, and contact. So I think the spacing can increase. And I think the size of them can increase a little bit across the entire site. This is, man, this is really good. I'm going to about right now. So about page, yeah, again, I've already said it, but you know, the footer needs to, uh, the footer needs to come down on every page. Um, let's see. The typography, the sizing, headers, footers on here as well. It's all super small. Legibility has to be there. Um, you have something right here that's in the middle of this page, vision, structure, execution, impact. First off, I want all of that centered so it, it balances the page out a little bit more. Um, but number one, number two, I can barely see it. So what's going on there? Uh, you get down a full ecosystem of services. That looks good. Ministry systems, the creative. Look at that. I can, it's, it's all the same size. Come on, man. Um, and I would, this is something you probably need to do across the entire site. Unless it's super intentional, I prefer for that kind of stuff to be centered. That's in like these small blocks, because it, it kind of, it kind of um makes it feel even. Now some of it I'm okay with. It's just, I don't know, maybe, I don't know. I got to work with that design. I've already given you my, my aesthetics and what I like, so, um. Okay, um. All right. Um, a couple of things. Products. Won't be a page that we can go to. So it will just be a tab that drops down. Inside it, when the tab drops down, it says client-facing products. Take client-facing products away and just leave products there. Continuum, messages, and formation all need to be in all caps. On the ecosystem tab, when it drops down, I'm looking, take form operational departments out. I don't want that text there. OK? And then you can kind of put like a line in between it. And then where it says form labs, take internal products away. Nobody, that's stupid. And then you have relay framing access. That's fine. Yeah, we're looking pretty good. This is shaping up.

Again, I think moving forward, you just need to keep this typography thing in our heads. I don't want all of my text to be itty-bitty. I gave you a typography and scale for a reason, so I wanna see that implemented throughout the site.